Add field `temperature_unit` in climates `set_temperature` action call (#36625)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/climate.markdown

| `temperature` | yes | New target temperature for climate device (commonly referred to as a *setpoint*). Do not use if `hvac_mode` is `heat_cool`.
| `target_temp_high` | yes | The highest temperature that the climate device will allow. Required if `hvac_mode` is `heat_cool`. Required together with `target_temp_low`.
| `target_temp_low` | yes | The lowest temperature that the climate device will allow. Required if `hvac_mode` is `heat_cool`.  Required together with `target_temp_high`.

> | `temperature_unit` | yes | The unit in which the above target temperatures should be set. This defaults based on the selected unit system of your HA instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `temperature_unit` | yes | The unit in which the above target temperatures should be set. This defaults based on the selected unit system of your Home Assistant instance.
```
